Address comments from Ben (#16)
boucadair/add-resolver-information: draft-ietf-add-resolver-info.md

   a client accepts the risk that a resolver supports DDR
   but does not support RESINFO. In this scenario, the resolver might pass the query upstream, and then the client can receive a positive RESINFO
   response either from a legitimate upstream DNS resolver or an attacker.

   While DNSSEC can be considered as a candidate mechanism
   to protect against the attack, it is important to note that the name was received over unencrypted
   DNS and that the RESINFO response can be both validly DNSSEC-signed and not signed by the name that the original DDR resolution intended.
   To reduce the scope of such an attack, clients wishing to retrieve resolver information from resolvers discovered when performing DDR
   discovery using resolver IP address ({{Section 4 of !RFC9462}}) MUST ensure during the TLS handshake that the TLS certificate presented by

>    the resolver contains in its SAN the domain name in the TargetName of the DDR SVCB response. If that succeeds, clients MAY choose to retrieve the resolver information using the RESINFO RR type and the QNAME set to the TargetName in the DDR SVCB response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the resolver contains in its SubjectAltName (SAN) the domain name in the TargetName of the DDR SVCB response. If that succeeds, clients MAY choose to retrieve the resolver information using the RESINFO RR type and the QNAME set to the TargetName in the DDR SVCB response.
```

attacks (because then the attacker can only redirect the client to another server with a valid TLS certificate for the original
IP address but possibly with a different domain name).

> The encrypted resolver may provide incorrect information in RESINFO. If the client cannot validate the attributes received from the server, which will be used for resolver selection or display to the end-user, the client should process those attributes only if the encrypted resolver has sufficient reputation according to local policy (e.g., user configuration, administrative configuration, or a built-in list of respectable resolvers). This approach limits the ability of a malicious encrypted resolver to cause harm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An encrypted resolver may return incorrect information in RESINFO. If the client cannot validate the attributes received from the resolver, which will be used for resolver selection or display to the end-user, the client should process those attributes only if the encrypted resolver has sufficient reputation according to local policy (e.g., user configuration, administrative configuration, or a built-in list of respectable resolvers). This approach limits the ability of a malicious encrypted resolver to cause harm.
```
